POF
Hi 'lets me see2'. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years now and I have two boys. The picture of you ice skating seems foreign with today's weather. I went out side to BBQ. More than just the pandemic keeping us inside. Have you always lived in Burlington?
Hi 'darsxox'. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years now and I have two boys. Darts sounds like fun. It has been too long with zero social interaction. Have you always lived in Hamilton?
Hi 'jnablue'. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years now and I have two boys. I love the red in your hair. Your profile says 'Health Care' so thank you for your service. Have you always lived in Burlington?
Hi 'dani 123'. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years now and I have two boys. You are a film/tv junkie? What is something good you could suggest?
Hi 'tvgurl'. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years now and I have two boys. You are a film/tv junkie? What is something good you could suggest?
Hi 'Some1real'. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years now and I have two boys. You are a traveler? Where is the furthest you have gone?
Hi 'gigi'. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years now and I have two boys. You work in manufacturing/processing? I hope there is A/C!
Hi Claudine. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years now and I have two boys. I hope you have air conditioning. I was outside BBQing this evening and couldn't believe how hot it is. How long have you lived in Hamilton?
Hi SMR. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years and I have two boys. Your profile resonated with me. I am always showing my boys ways to be kind to people. Especially in these trying and changing times.  I also notice you work in Healthcare so wanted to say thanks for your service. This heat reminds me that I miss live music and patios which I see you like as well.
Hi PrettyEyes. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years and I have two boys. Your profile resonated with me. Under lifestyle it says 'Is New Age'. Does this mean you have found the fountain of youth!? Asking for a friend. :)
Hi AngelEyes. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years and I have two boys. Your profile resonated with me. Weekend getaways, movies, beach, time with friends.... damn pandemic. Your profile states your are a professional for occupation. What is it you do?
Hi 'Cutie'. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years and I have two boys. Your profile resonated with me. I am drama-free and wanting a healthy relationship as well. What renovations have you done to your home?
Hi Pharmi. I see that you are a PSW. Thank you for your service. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years and have 2 boys. How long have you lived here?
Hello DreamCatcher. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years. I was born almost an hour west of here. Where were you from originally?
Hi Sodis. I have lived in Hamilton for 16 years now. You have interests in weapons and fighting? Do tell.
Hi 'it is what it is'. I had a former manager that said that all the time. I have called Hamilton home for 16 years. How long have you lived here?
Hi 'Serious Only'. I see that you work in the service industry. Does that mean you are still at home isolating or do you have an essential job? 
